Where we else use this hashing is in the public key infrastructure because we can use it.
As mentioned before for fire validation and also when we have public key and private keys to ensure
that the content that we are receiving are actually from the person that we expecting it from.
So for example we have right here designing part.
So this will be the sender.
He has some data he wants to send from A to B.
So in order for B to check and ensure that it is a sending it what our part is doing in the signing
process is does he take his data run it through a hashing function.
Then he will get a host value.
Then he will take this and encrypt the has value with his private key.
Then he will have the certificate plus the asset signed has value which is now encrypted and the data
is encrypted as well.
But the nice part about this if you remember public private key is that when we encrypted data we can
use these public key.
So again if you haven't watched the previous lecture then please do so to fully understand the public
private private key infrastructure.
But when encrypting the data we will use piece public key because when using his public heath and we
know that only his private key can unencrypted but since it is his public key that we use for encrypting
the data everybody everyone else who has this public key can also use this.
And then he can't really tell if it was us or someone else who used his public key to encrypted but
we can then use our own private key to encrypt this test value of the data because our private key has
a a lesion a corresponding public key and B can then use our public key to encrypt our has value so
he can check there has value is coming from us.
And when he use his own private key to encrypt the data that we encrypted using his public key he can
then run through a hashing algorithm and he can see whether these two values matches.
So this is what we see in this picture.
So first we take a hash of the data then we use the public key of B to encrypted.
Then we use our own private key to encrypt our highest signal to value we add that to the entire data
package.
What he is doing to verify that it is us who has sent the package is he.
He divided meaning that he will split the data and it has value.
Then he will use our public key to decrypt our has value.
Then he will use his own private key to decrypt the data.
Then he will take the hash of the data he received and compared with the Hastert we sent him.
And if these two match then he knows that this file were actually from us and not from someone else.
So now let's see where you can generate hash on your own on the web so there are actually multiple places
you can do this this is just a symbol one where you have different algorithms to play with.
So as we see right here we can choose our room.
So let's take share one and then we can write a message remember to like and so scribe to channel then
we can Hester's Nancy she here we have has value using this sheikh one emblem.
And if I changed a single bit in this example just to a and we do the Hash again this will be completely
different.
And as you see it is a total different it has value we have and this is really how you can try to play
along with this and tested on your own.